Fix emcc docs regarding output object file. (#12666)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/tools_reference/emcc.rst

.. _emcc-o-target:

``-o <target>``
  When linking an executable, the ``target`` file name extension defines the output type to be generated:

    - <name> **.js** : JavaScript (+ separate **<name>.wasm** file if emitting WebAssembly). (default)
    - <name> **.mjs** : ES6 JavaScript module (+ separate **<name>.wasm** file if emitting WebAssembly).
    - <name> **.html** : HTML + separate JavaScript file (**<name>.js**; + separate **<name>.wasm** file if emitting WebAssembly).
    - <name> **.wasm** : WebAssembly without JavaScript support code ("standalone wasm"; this enables ``STANDALONE_WASM``).

  These rules only apply when linking.  When compiling to object code (See `-c`
  below) the name of the output file is irrelevant.

  .. note:: If ``--memory-init-file`` is used, a **.mem** file will be created in addition to the generated **.js** and/or **.html** file.

.. _emcc-c:

``-c``

>   Tells *emcc* to compiler to and object file which can then be linked with other object files into an executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Tells *emcc* to compile an object file which can then be linked with other object files into an executable.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe 
```suggestion
  Tells *emcc* to emit an object file which can then be linked with other object files into an executable.
```

Reviewer 2: +1 for option 2
